SW:FotE 1.1 FUSS

This is the SW:FotE 1.1 code in it's last known release condition. All relevent
bugs that apply to SMAUG have been fixed in this version. Package assembled and
fixed by popular demand of members of MUD Planet. Enjoy.

What's been done to this:

Cleaned out the excess area files in the building directory left behind by the authors.
Replaced the improperly removed copyright credits in the source files.
Removed the request pipe code that never worked.
Removed the extra ports that the code normally opens.
Applied all relevent fixes from Kevin London's list.
Applied all relevent fixes from Druid's list.
Applied all relevent fixes from Zylara's list.
Applied all relevent fixes from Darkoth's list.
Applied all relevent fixes from Sadiq's list.
Applied all relevent fixes from Rinthos' list.
Applied all relevent fixes from the MUD Planet bug list posts.
Applied the updated memory handling macros.
Fixed some memory leaks left by the original authors.
Moved all help files from help2.are into help.are.
Added Samson's color snippet to correct the flaws in the ANSI system.
Upgraded the included Pfiles snippet to the latest version.
Added Intermud-3 support.
Added Cygwin support.
Tons of memory leaks in functions.c were fixed.
Applied the "cedit save" fix to do_cedit.
Terell: Updated to include recently posted fixes at the SWFOTE Sourceforge page.
Trister: Fixed ship rprograms so they work the way they should.
Trister: Fixed channels so invisible imms don't show their names.
Trister: Setclan Fixed so Clan Types fix correctly.
Trister: Setrank fixed.
Trister: Fixed some memory mis allocations found in a few functions.

Tested error-free on the following platforms:

Redhat Linux 9.0, kernel 2.4.20-20.9, GCC 3.3.2 compiler
Cygwin 1.5.5, WinXP Pro w/ SP1, GCC 3.3.1 compiler, Cygwin crypt library installed.

NOTE: Any bugs specific to alterations made for SW:FotE have NOT been fixed yet.
I do not know what those bugs may be, so if someone cares to enlighten me,
I'll be happy to include those fixes here.
